somewhere in the Far East
a deadly crime ring is about to trigger
an international crisis but they didn't
plan on this
I don't like my chickens lab okay I like
them dead deep-fried you've heard pop
pop I want to show him a good time
Hong Kong sale you get a massage from
Chinese girl people I got a doubt gonna
get her earn the black Poorna pink lips
hurry up jump in front of a black man in
the buff I don't know I'm gonna give you
an LAPD agent show us a badge or
something short again is just beginning
yeah we doing we got the MEK out man we
ain't going out like this
what does me muck out Nathan touches his
body but pure silk absolutely would your
partner like to be wrapped in silk as
well because personally I really enjoy
it when couples dress alike I'm going to
be the big commotion Dean you make a
movie guy
this summer have fun
get ready you know some of this girl I
don't even know why the hell I mean yeah
I need anything
do you understand the Wurster like
coming out of my mouth don't nobody
understand the words that are coming out
of your mouth man